CSS-animation (#3317)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 7-animation/2-css-animations/article.md

When the CSS animation finishes, the `transitionend` event triggers.

> It is widely used to do an action after the animation is done and to join multiple animations.

Reviewer: Needs to be fixed, but I prefer the original structure

```suggestion
It is widely used to do an action after the animation is done.  We can also join multiple animations.
```

Reviewer: or 
"Also, we can..."
